Pricing

Download


AI for Pros
Bearly makes you 10x faster by adding the state of the art AI to your workflow. Reading, writing, and content creation all one shortcut away.

Try it now
Trusted by 100,000+ Professionals at:
MIT logo
BAIN & Company Logo
Google Logo
Bridgewater Logo
DOW & Chemical Logo
HyperChat
AI chat on Steroids!

Interact with any document
Analyze and ask questions across any doc

Transcribe audio and video
Turn any podcast, youtube video, or meeting recording into a transcript you can interact with

Real-time web access
Let us do the boring work - attach files, get all of the importnat information and continue the conversation.

Generate Meeting Minutes and Identify Key Takeaways
Powered by Stability AI and Dall-e
Don’t get locked into any model
With Bearly you can access models from the best providers across the AI universe
Why Bearly?
Open AI, Claude and more
Choose from the best AI on the market and find the model that works for you

Document embeding
Get access to real-time web access with every promp or requaest.

Prompt Marketplace
Let us do the work for you - choose from 50+ reading and writing templates

The Best AI - Always at your Fingertips
Bearly for IOS
Download from AppStore

Phone Screen
Summarize and interact with any page
Get Chrome Extension

Browser Screen
The World's Most Secure AI Chat
Zero logging
Bearly doesn’t store or record your queries

Chat & Docs Encryption
You own the encryption keys - no one but you can access your interactions or docs

Security at its core
Designed and built from the ground up to ensure your data is always safe

Reimagine work, Get started with Bearly today

Try it now
reimagine
Made in New York
© 2023, Bearly, Inc.
Downloads
Mac

Windows

Linux

iOS

Chrome Extension

Contact
Support

Twitter

Resources
Privacy

Terms

FAQ

Pricing



{
    "name": "Bearly",
    "tag_line": "AI for Pros",
    "summary": "Bearly is an AI-powered platform that enhances productivity for professionals by providing state-of-the-art AI capabilities. It accelerates tasks such as reading, writing, and content creation with a focus on efficiency and convenience.",
    "description": "Bearly is a productivity-focused AI tool designed to empower professionals across various industries. It offers a range of features to streamline work processes. Users can interact with documents, analyze content, and ask questions across any type of document. Bearly's capabilities extend to transcribing audio and video, converting podcasts, YouTube videos, and meeting recordings into accessible transcripts. Real-time web access simplifies file management and information retrieval, allowing users to continue conversations seamlessly. Additionally, Bearly can generate meeting minutes and identify key takeaways, leveraging Stability AI and Dall-e. The platform offers flexibility by providing access to AI models from multiple providers, including Open AI and Claude. Users can choose the AI model that best suits their needs. Bearly also includes features like document embedding, a prompt marketplace, and secure AI chat capabilities. It is designed with security in mind, ensuring data protection and privacy for users.",
    "top_features": [
        "Interact with any document",
        "Transcribe audio and video content",
        "Real-time web access",
        "Generate Meeting Minutes and Identify Key Takeaways",
        "Access to a variety of AI models",
        "Document embedding",
        "Prompt Marketplace",
        "Secure AI chat with zero logging",
        "User-owned encryption keys for chat and document security"
    ],
    "use_cases": [
        "Enhanced productivity in reading, writing, and content creation",
        "Efficient document analysis and question-answering",
        "Transcription of audio and video content",
        "Simplified file management and data retrieval",
        "Meeting minutes and key takeaways generation",
        "Customizable AI model selection"
    ],
    "pricing_type": "Freemium",
    "categories": ["AI Detection", "Business", "Data Analysis", "Productivity", "Writing"],
    "has_api": false,
    "has_documentation": true
}
