Know what you sign ™
Automated legal analysis, for everyone.

Contract Analytics
Automatically extract key terms. Find problems with legal style, definitions, and risky language.

Legal Simplifier
Translate legalese into plain language to improve comprehension and accessibility.

Compliance Tools
Manage GDPR and DMCA requests, monitor website legal terms, and more...

Legal Graph Data
Explore "what's market" with the largest public source of tagged and enriched contracts.

 Company
Blog
Careers
Press
Security
 Resources
FAQs
Support
Legal & Privacy
 Contact Us
hello@legalrobot.com
   
Legal Robot, Inc.
425 Virginia Street, Suite B
Vallejo, CA 94590
 (415) 894-0240





 {
    "name": "Legal Robot",
    "tag_line": "Automated legal analysis, for everyone.",
    "summary": "Automated legal analysis platform for contract analytics, legal simplification, compliance tools, and access to a vast legal graph data source.",
    "description": "Legal Robot is an AI-powered platform that offers automated legal analysis services to make legal documents more accessible and comprehensible. It provides a range of tools and features to improve the understanding and management of legal content. With Contract Analytics, Legal Robot automatically extracts key terms and identifies issues with legal style, definitions, and risky language. The Legal Simplifier translates complex legalese into plain language, enhancing document comprehension. The platform also offers Compliance Tools to manage GDPR and DMCA requests, monitor website legal terms, and more. Legal Robot's Legal Graph Data provides access to a vast source of tagged and enriched contracts, enabling users to explore 'what's market' in legal agreements.",
    "top_features": [
        "Contract Analytics: Automatically extract key terms and identify issues with legal style and language.",
        "Legal Simplifier: Translate complex legalese into plain language for better comprehension.",
        "Compliance Tools: Manage GDPR and DMCA requests, monitor website legal terms, and more.",
        "Legal Graph Data: Access a large public source of tagged and enriched contracts."
    ],
    "use_cases": [
        "Legal document analysis and improvement",
        "Compliance management",
        "Legal research and exploration of market-standard contract terms"
    ],
    "pricing_type": "Contact for pricing",
    "categories": ["Legal", "AI Detection", "Business", "Data Analysis"],
    "has_api": false,
    "has_documentation": true
}
