---------------------
Tool name: outset.ai
---------------------



About

Contact

Login

🎉

We just raised our seed round of $3.8M 

The AI-Moderated Research Platform
Get the depth of qualitative interviews at the speed and scale of a survey. Make better, faster decisions for your business with the power of AI-moderated research. 

Book Demo

your@email.com




Get deep insights faster with AI-powered interviews.
Train the AI interviewer to conduct, synthesize, and summarize hundreds of generative or evaluative interviews in just hours, empowering your team to focus and deliver on the most strategic work. 

AI-moderated conversations
Conduct 1000 interviews at once, in any language. Our AI interviewer engages participants in rich dialogue and probes deeper to get the ‘why’ behind answers.

AI-powered synthesis
Train it yourself




How it works
1. Upload a guide
Add your discussion guide to Outset and customize your AI interviewer. 

2. Share your link with participants
Integrate with all major panel companies or share with your own users. 

3. Gather insights with AI
Watch the AI interviewer dig deep with participants and pull out what matters most. 

Trusted by the best

Outset saved us over 120 hours of research on a single project while delivering high quality insights that cannot be achieved with a survey. This is the future of research.

Brynna Mann
Managing Director


The speed and quality of the responses were outstanding. Outset will afford my team the opportunity to significantly increase the speed of delivery.

Wil Readinger
Head of UX Research


Outset's AI engaged users and asked follow-up questions that elicited specific, long-form answers that helped us understand what was important to them. And it did so at 10x-20x scale of customer interviews.

Jeff Zimmerman
Chief Product Officer


Outset was able to gain so many insights in such a short period of time from so many respondents – and then seeing everything analyzed helped me understand the story really quickly…10 out 10.

William Rothwell, PhD 
Senior Innovations Researcher


Outset allows users to spend their time on what really matters, which is understanding the consumer and designing products, rather than on countless hours of interviewing and labeling.

Leo Velásquez
Senior Experiment Designer

The world's most powerful unmoderated research
Outset uses the best AI models in the world to create a deeper, richer experience for both participants and researchers alike.

Voice-to-voice mode
The most natural feeling conversation with AI, designed for depth.

Concept testing mode
Have AI share images or videos to test new ideas, ads, or designs.

Fluent in all major languages
Let your participants choose the language with a fully adaptive, multi-lingual interviewer. 

Automatic coding & counting
Let AI identify common themes, tag relevant conversations, and pull out powerful quotes.

Synthesis done for you
Summarize key research findings and consolidate insights right in Outset. Or export a CSV. 

Panel integrated
Seamlessly integrate Outset with all major panels providers with simple URL parameters. 


Secure by design
Outset is powered by the Azure OpenAI Service, the most secure large language model, and is fully anonymized. No models are ever trained on your data.

Built for depth
Outset is designed for both generative and evaluative applications to dig beneath the surface.


Want to give it a try?
Go through an interview as a participant to see what AI moderated interviews can feel like. 

your@email.com
Founder

Company
Careers

Hiring

Support
FAQ

Contact

Social
© 2023 Parnassus Labs, Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service



{
    "name": "outset.ai",
    "tag_line": "Get the depth of qualitative interviews at the speed and scale of a survey.",
    "summary": "outset.ai empowers businesses with AI-moderated research for in-depth insights at scale.",
    "description": "outset.ai is a powerful AI-moderated research platform that enables businesses to conduct qualitative interviews at scale with the speed and depth of a survey. The platform allows users to train the AI interviewer to conduct, synthesize, and summarize generative or evaluative interviews in a matter of hours, freeing up teams to focus on strategic work. With the capability to conduct 1000 interviews simultaneously in any language, the AI interviewer engages participants in rich dialogue to understand the 'why' behind their responses. The AI-powered synthesis is customizable. Users can upload discussion guides and integrate with major panel companies or share with their own users. The platform's AI identifies common themes, tags relevant conversations, and extracts powerful quotes. It also enables summarizing research findings and consolidating insights within the platform or exporting them in CSV format. outset.ai is designed for both generative and evaluative applications and is fully integrated with major panels, ensuring a seamless research experience.",
    "top_features": [
        "AI-moderated conversations: Conduct 1000 interviews at once, in any language, and probe deeper to understand 'why'.",
        "AI-powered synthesis: Train the AI interviewer for customized results.",
        "Voice-to-voice mode: Natural feeling conversations with AI designed for depth.",
        "Concept testing mode: AI shares images or videos to test new ideas, ads, or designs.",
        "Fluent in all major languages: Fully adaptive, multi-lingual interviewer.",
        "Automatic coding & counting: AI identifies common themes, tags relevant conversations, and extracts powerful quotes.",
        "Synthesis done for you: Summarize research findings and consolidate insights in the platform or export as CSV.",
        "Panel integrated: Seamlessly integrate with all major panels providers using URL parameters."
    ],
    "use_cases": [],
    "pricing_type": "Free Trial",
    "categories": ["AI Detection", "Research"],
    "has_api": false,
    "has_documentation": false
}
